Then how will you repay me?
Mr. Du Lin Qingyao is my best friend
I heard you are engaged to him.
So you mean as long as I cancel the engagement with him
We can do that.
I don't have it.
Does our bet still count?
Mr. Du, even if you have signed the Yoyo Award
But I still don't think you've succeeded
Okay, we'll see.
Mr. Du
This is the female live streaming host Yoyo
As expected of the future head live streaming host
Youth jade girl
It's really beautiful
Okay, I have something to tell Yoyo
Chat alone, you go out first
Are you tired?
Sit next to me
Mr. Du, I have a question for you
What's the problem?
I heard Mr. Zhou say
You gave up choosing a talented woman for me
I want to know why you chose me
Would you believe me if I said I liked it?